Playbook (#6)
redis-field-engineering/redis-enterprise-observability: playbook/src/docs/asciidoc/index.adoc

the application is reading and/or writing unusually large keys. A correlation between high network traffic
and high CPU utilization may indicate a large key scenario.

===== Unbalanced database endpoint

One possible cause is that the database endpoint is not located on the same node as master shards. In addition to added network latency, if data plane internode encryption is enabled, CPU consumption can increase as well.

One solution is to used the optimal shard placement and proxy policy to ensure endpoints are collocated on nodes hosting master shards. If you need to restore balance (e.g. after node failure) you can manually failover shard(s) with the rladmin cli tool.

Extreme network traffic utilization may approach the limits of the underlying network infrastructure.
In this case, the only remediation is to add additional nodes to the cluster and scale the database's shards across them.

=== Synchronization

In Redis Enterprise, geographically-distributed synchronization is based on CRDT technology.
The Redis Enterprise implementation of CRDT is called an Active-Active database (formerly known as CRDB).

> With Active-Active databases, applications can read and write to the same data set from different geographical locations seamlessly and with latency less than one millisecond (ms), without changing the way the application connects to the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Active-Active databases, applications can read and write to the same data set from different geographical locations seamlessly and with low latency, without changing the way the application connects to the database.
```

An Active-Active architecture is a data resiliency architecture that distributes the database information over multiple data centers via independent and geographically distributed clusters and nodes.
It is a network of separate processing nodes, each having access to a common replicated database such that all nodes can participate in a common application ensuring local low latency with each region being able to run in isolation.

> Keeping multiple copies of the dataset consistent across multiple clusters is no small task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
